I had an interesting day today so I woke
up I wrestled the kids I took a shower I
drove him to work I sat down at my desk
somehow found myself in a Twitter war
with Roy Moore you know Roy Moore this
guy is running for Senate Alabama even
though multiple women accused him of
hitting on them groping them etc before
they were 18 years old well Roy Moore is
not happy with me what happened was they
had a rally for Roy Moore at a church in
Theodore Alabama last night Roy is
running against someone who as far as I
know hasn't been accused of child
molesting his a guy named Doug Jones and
the elections on December 12th somehow
according to these new polls they
released this week ruin more leads Doug
Jones by five or six points which
doesn't say a lot for Doug but even the
word Mort was reportedly so creepy
around young girls he was banned from
the mall in Gadsden Alabama when he was
innocent after getting banned from the
ball just think about no hot dog on a
stick for you so they had a rally for
Roy and a number of his supporters were
there and one of them just happened to
be our friend Jake bird who Jake bird is
a character who has a Forrest Gump like
knack for showing up at all the big
events if you're not familiar with his
work this is Jake at a Donald Trump
rally in Dallas in 2015 by the way can
you see in the back they have the best
view can you see it's really my hair
[Applause]
okay so he's very passionate kick
and went out about the last night and
apparently there was an incident that
resulted in him getting kicked out of
the rally will show you all the footage
of that later but apparently the
commotion touched a nerve because today
Roy Moore lashed out at me
he wrote Jimmy Kimmel if you want to
mock our Christian values come down here
to Alabama and do it man-to-man and he
responded back and I responded again
it's all on Twitter but the bottom line
is this I accept the invitation I will
come down there what I'm gonna do is I
think you're actually gonna like this
Roy I'm gonna come down to Gadsden
Alabama with a team of high school
cheerleaders okay we'll meet you at the
mall don't worry I can get you and if
when the girls and I show up if you can
control yourself and behave if you can
somehow manage to keep little Roy and
your little cowboy pants when those
nubile young cheerleaders come bounding
in you and I will sit down at the food
court we'll have a little Panda Express
and we'll talk about Christian values
because and I don't know if if it
doesn't fit your stereotype but I happen
to be a Christian too I made my First
Holy Communion I was confirmed I I pray
I support my church one of my closest
friends is a priest i baptize my
children a Christian is actually my
middle name I know that shocking but
it's true
so if you're open to it when we sit down
I will share with you what I learned at
my church and my church forcing yourself
on underage girls is a no-no it's some
even consider it to be a sin
not that you did that report allegedly
but when you commit this sin at our
church our church we're encouraged to
confess and ask for forgiveness for this
and not to call the women you allegedly
victimized liars and damage them even
more to confess but maybe your church is
different I don't know let's figure it
out together are we happy to talk it
through I would gladly sit down to
interview about or maybe when you say
come down to Alabama and we'll do it
man-to-man maybe that means you're
challenging me to a fight which is kind
of what it sounds like and if you are I
accept by the way I accept that there is
no one I would love to fight more than
you I will put my Christian values aside
just for you on for that fight so if you
are telling me to a fight here's what
we'll do let's find a place to do it
I'll wear a Girl Scout uniform so you
can have something to get excited about
and the winner whoever wins the fight
will give all the money we charge for
the tickets to charity my charity will
be the women who came forward to say you
molested them he's too scared to even
debate the guy he's running against Doug
Jones with me he wants to go man-to-man
maybe if you went man-to-man instead of
man to little girl you wouldn't be in
this situation to the people in Alabama
I go online as people posting things
like this about Alabama they falsely
accused Jesus vote Roy Moore and yes
that is completely crazy but not
everyone in Alabama supports this
monster in fact almost half the people I
remember living in Arizona are you from
Alabama okay just copy I lived in
Arizona in the eighties when F Meachem
was elected governor he was a nut he
would have fit right in with these guys
today he won with 40% of the vote and I
was so embarrassed to be from there to
be from the state he was governor of I
felt like how to explain myself to
everyone I imagine that's how a lot of
people in Alabama feel so if you do have
that feeling know that at least here in
Holley we don't hate Alabama
we love how about we love Alabama so
much we said Reese Witherspoon to make a
movie about you okay
we just don't like alleged child
molesters and we hope you can see your
way clear to not electing one to the
Senate of the United States of America
that's all that seems reasonable right
[Applause]
just don't vote then so you'll feel
better about yourself so later on we
will have all of Jake Byrd's exclusive
report from Alabama and you can see for
yourself what Roy Moore got all worked
up about hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die